♪ Flower, gleam and glow ♪
♪ Let your power shine ♪
♪ Make the clock reverse ♪
♪ Bring back what once was mine ♪
♪ What once was mine ♪
♪ Flower, gleam and glow ♪
♪ Let your power shine ♪
♪ Make the clock... ♪
♪ Save what has been lost ♪
♪ Bring back what once was mine ♪
♪ What once was mine ♪
♪ Seven a.m., the usual morning lineup ♪
♪ Start on the chores ♪
♪ And sweep till the floor's all clean ♪
♪ Polish and wax, do laundry ♪
♪ and mop and shine up ♪
♪ Sweep again and by then it's, like, 7:15 ♪
♪ And so I'll read a book ♪
♪ Or maybe two or three ♪
♪ I'll add a few new paintings ♪
♪ to my gallery ♪
♪ I'll play guitar and knit ♪
♪ and cook and basically ♪
♪ Just wonder when will my life begin? ♪
♪ Then after lunch it's puzzles ♪
♪ and darts and baking ♪
♪ Papier-mâché, a bit of ballet and chess ♪
♪ Pottery and ventriloquy, candle-making ♪
♪ Then I'll stretch, maybe sketch ♪
♪ Take a climb, sew a dress ♪
♪ And I'll reread the books ♪
♪ if I have time to spare ♪
♪ I'll paint the walls some more ♪
♪ I'm sure there's room somewhere ♪
♪ And then I'll brush and brush ♪
♪ and brush and brush my hair ♪
♪ Stuck in the same place ♪
♪ I've always been ♪
♪ And I'll keep wondering and wondering ♪
♪ and wondering and wondering ♪
♪ When will my life begin? ♪
♪ Tomorrow night ♪
♪ the lights will appear ♪
♪ Just like they do ♪
♪ on my birthday each year ♪
♪ What is it like ♪
♪ out there where they glow ♪
♪ Now that I'm older ♪
♪ Mother might just let me go ♪
♪ Flower, gleam and glow ♪
♪ Let your power shine ♪
♪ Make the clock reverse ♪
♪ Bring back what once was mine ♪
♪ Heal what has been hurt ♪
♪ Change the Fates' design ♪
♪ Save what has been lost ♪
♪ Bring back what once was mine ♪
♪ Look at you, as fragile as a flower ♪
♪ Still a little sapling, just a sprout ♪
♪ You know why we stay up in this tower ♪
♪ To keep you safe and sound, dear ♪
♪ Guess I always knew ♪
♪ this day was coming ♪
♪ Knew that soon ♪
♪ you'd want to leave the nest ♪
♪ Soon but not yet ♪
♪ Shh! ♪
♪ Trust me, pet ♪
♪ Mother knows best ♪
♪ Listen to your mother ♪
♪ It's a scary world out there ♪
♪ Mother knows best ♪
♪ One way or another ♪
♪ Something will go wrong ♪
♪ I swear ♪
♪ Ruffians, thugs, poison ivy, quicksand ♪
♪ Cannibals and snakes, the plague ♪
♪ Also large bugs ♪
♪ Men with pointy teeth ♪
♪ And stop! No more, you'll just upset me ♪
♪ Mother's right here ♪
♪ Mother will protect you ♪
♪ Darling, here's what I suggest ♪
♪ Skip the drama ♪
♪ Stay with Mama ♪
♪ Mother knows best ♪
♪ Take it from your mumsy ♪
♪ On your own, you won't survive ♪
♪ Sloppy, under dressed ♪
♪ immature, clumsy ♪
♪ Please, they'll eat you up alive ♪
♪ Gullible, naive ♪
♪ Positively grubby ♪
♪ Ditsy and a bit... Well, hmm, vague ♪
♪ Plus, I believe, getting kind of chubby ♪
♪ I'm just saying 'cause I wuv you ♪
♪ Mother understands ♪
♪ Mother's here to help you ♪
♪ All I have is one request ♪
♪ Don't forget it ♪
♪ You'll regret it ♪
♪ Mother knows best ♪
♪ Look at the world so close ♪
♪ And I'm halfway to it ♪
♪ Look at it all so big ♪
♪ Do I even dare ♪
♪ Look at me, there at last ♪
♪ I just have to do it ♪
♪ Should I? No ♪
♪ Here I go ♪
♪ Just smell the grass, the dirt ♪
♪ Just like I dreamed they'd be ♪
♪ Just feel that summer breeze ♪
♪ The way it's calling me ♪
♪ For, like, the first time ever ♪
♪ I'm completely free ♪
♪ I could go running and racing ♪
♪ And dancing and chasing ♪
♪ And leaping and bounding ♪
♪ Hair flying, heart pounding ♪
♪ And splashing and reeling ♪
♪ and finally feeling ♪
♪ That's when my life begins ♪
♪ I'm malicious, mean and scary ♪
♪ My sneer could curdle dairy ♪
♪ And violence-wise ♪
♪ my hands are not the cleanest ♪
♪ But despite my evil look ♪
♪ And my temper and my hook ♪
♪ I've always yearned ♪
♪ to be a concert pianist ♪
♪ Can't you see me on the stage ♪
♪ performing Mozart ♪
♪ Tickling the ivories till they gleam ♪
♪ Yep, I'd rather be called deadly ♪
♪ For my killer show tune medley ♪
♪ 'Cause way down deep inside ♪
♪ I've got a dream ♪
♪ He's got a dream ♪
♪ See, I ain't as cruel and vicious ♪
♪ as I seem ♪
♪ Though I do like breaking femurs ♪
♪ You can count me with the dreamers ♪
♪ Like everybody else I've got a dream ♪
♪ I've got scars and lumps and bruises ♪
♪ Plus something here that oozes ♪
♪ And let's not even mention ♪
♪ my complexion ♪
♪ But despite my extra toes ♪
♪ And my goitre and my nose ♪
♪ I really want to make a love connection ♪
♪ Can't you see me ♪
♪ with a special little lady? ♪
♪ Rowing in a rowboat down the stream ♪
♪ Though I'm one disgusting blighter ♪
♪ I'm a lover not a fighter ♪
♪ 'Cause way down deep inside ♪
♪ I've got a dream ♪
♪ -I've got a dream ♪
♪ -He's got a dream ♪
♪ And I know one day ♪
♪ romance will reign supreme ♪
♪ Though my face ♪
♪ leaves people screaming ♪
♪ There's a child behind it dreaming ♪
♪ Like everybody else, I've got a dream ♪
♪ Thor would like to quit and be a florist ♪
♪ Gunther does interior design ♪
♪ -Ulf is into mime ♪
♪ -Attila's cupcakes are sublime ♪
♪ Bruiser knits, Killer sews ♪
♪ Fang does little puppet shows ♪
♪ And Vladimir collects ceramic unicorns ♪
♪ I have dreams like you ♪
♪ No, really ♪
♪ Just much less touchy-feely ♪
♪ They mainly happen ♪
♪ somewhere warm and sunny ♪
♪ On an island that I own ♪
♪ Tanned and rested and alone ♪
♪ Surrounded by enormous ♪
♪ piles of money ♪
♪ -I've got a dream ♪
♪ -She's got a dream ♪
♪ I just want to see ♪
♪ the floating lanterns gleam ♪
♪ And with every passing hour ♪
♪ I'm so glad I left my tower ♪
♪ Like all you lovely folks ♪
♪ I've got a dream ♪
♪ She's got a dream ♪
♪ He's got a dream ♪
♪ They've got a dream ♪
♪ We've got a dream ♪
♪ So our differences ♪
♪ ain't really that extreme ♪
♪ We're one big team ♪
♪ -Call us brutal ♪
♪ -Sick ♪
♪ -Sadistic ♪
♪ -And grotesquely optimistic ♪
♪ 'Cause way down deep inside ♪
♪ we've got a dream ♪
♪ -I've got a dream ♪
♪ Yes, way down deep inside ♪
♪ I've got a dream ♪
♪ Flower, gleam and glow ♪
♪ Let your power shine ♪
♪ Make the clock reverse ♪
♪ Bring back what once was mine ♪
♪ Heal what has been hurt ♪
♪ Change the Fates' design ♪
♪ Save what has been lost ♪
♪ Bring back what once was mine ♪
♪ What once was mine ♪
♪ This is why you never should have left ♪
♪ Dear, this whole romance ♪
♪ that you've invented ♪
♪ Just proves you're too naive to be here ♪
♪ Why would he like you? ♪
♪ Come on now, really ♪
♪ Look at you! ♪
♪ You think that he's impressed? ♪
♪ Don't be a dummy, come with Mummy ♪
♪ Mother... ♪
♪ Oh, I see how it is ♪
♪ Rapunzel knows best ♪
♪ Rapunzel's so mature now ♪
♪ Such a clever grown-up miss ♪
♪ Rapunzel knows best ♪
♪ Fine, if you're so sure now ♪
♪ -Go ahead, then give him this! ♪
♪ -How did you... ♪
♪ This is why he's here ♪
♪ Don't let him deceive you ♪
♪ Give it to him, watch, you'll see ♪
♪ Trust me, my dear ♪
♪ That's how fast he'll leave you ♪
♪ I won't say I told you so ♪
♪ No, Rapunzel knows best ♪
♪ So, if he's such a dreamboat ♪
♪ Go and put him to the test ♪
♪ If he's lying, don't come crying ♪
♪ Mother knows best ♪
♪ All those days ♪
♪ watching from the windows ♪
♪ All those years, outside looking in ♪
♪ All that time, never even knowing ♪
♪ Just how blind I've been ♪
♪ Now I'm here, blinking in the starlight ♪
♪ Now I'm here, suddenly I see ♪
♪ Standing here, it's, oh, so clear ♪
♪ I'm where I'm meant to be ♪
♪ And at last I see the light ♪
♪ And it's like the fog has lifted ♪
♪ And it's like the sky is new ♪
♪ And it's warm and real and bright ♪
♪ And the world has somehow shifted ♪
♪ All at once, everything looks different ♪
♪ Now that I see you ♪
♪ All those days ♪
♪ chasing down a daydream ♪
♪ All those years, living in a blur ♪
♪ All that time, never truly seeing ♪
♪ Things the way they were ♪
♪ Now she's here, shining in the starlight ♪
♪ Now she's here, suddenly I know ♪
♪ If she's here, it's crystal clear ♪
♪ I'm where I'm meant to go ♪
♪ And at last I see the light ♪
♪ And it's like the fog has lifted ♪
♪ And it's like the sky is new ♪
♪ And it's warm and real and bright ♪
♪ And the world has somehow shifted ♪
♪ All at once, everything is different ♪
♪ Now that I see you ♪
♪ Now that I... ♪
♪ see you ♪
♪ Flower, gleam and glow ♪
♪ Let your power shine ♪
♪ Make the clock reverse ♪
♪ Bring back what once was mine ♪
♪ Heal what has been hurt ♪
♪ Change the Fates' design ♪
♪ Save what has been lost ♪
♪ Bring back what once was mine ♪
♪ What once was mine ♪